iv raaraca. ·

sach explanatione as tend to elucidste the passage in which they
occur. Morethanthisisiesttothedictionary. Some paine have
also been taken to make the Arguments as suli as possible, that
a clear exposition cs the author's main object may ewaken a eor·
responding intelligence on the part os the reader. To under·
stand the current os a writer's thought, is the only way to un·
deretand and relish his single passages, his choica of epithets,
and his skiii in wearing a consistent whole.

lt will be observed that a running colmmentary has not bees
given on the whdie os the Georgics. They are seidom read
throughout in schools; not sor their want os beauty, but because
e didactic poem is not so well fitted to interest the young as a
narrative or a dialogus. But there are some passages in the
Georgica which universal consent points ont as among the flsest
efforts os Virgii's muse, and which are eminently captivatiag
even to a young mind. These ars the praises of Italy in the
First, and os a rnrei lit'e in the Second Book, and the story of
Aristaeus in the Fonrth. Te these notes have been given
Α ln conformity with the plan pureued in the various weris of
this series, a tise of the Aether has been prefixed, in which an
attempt is made tc bring the learner inte contact with him, and
thus prepare the mind tc appreciata his excelieacies, aad u
account sor his descen.

Beruenses, Μ, w, 1⁸⁴8⁸

 

